#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\makeatother
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{lineno,setspace}
%\linenumbers
\usepackage[small,compact]{titlesec}
\usepackage[small,it]{caption}
%\addtolength{\textfloatsep}{-20mm}
%\doublespace
\addtolength{\belowcaptionskip}{-3mm}
%\addtolength{\abovecaptionskip}{-3mm}
\usepackage{enumitem} % load the package
\usepackage{bm}
\usepackage{calc}
\usepackage{rotating}



\addtolength{\intextsep}{-3mm}

\usepackage{fancyheadings}
\usepackage{url}
%\usepackage[tablesfirst,notablist]{endfloat}

\renewcommand{\bibsection}{\noindent{\textbf{{Literature Cited}}}}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language american
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 11
\spacing double
\use_hyperref false
\papersize letterpaper
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 2
\use_package amssymb 2
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plainnat
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1in
\topmargin 1in
\rightmargin 1in
\bottommargin 1in
\footskip 1cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section*
Setting up your iPad to work with zoom
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Connect your iPad to your computer or another device.
 Enter your passcode, if you have one, to unlock your iPhone, iPad, or iPod
 touch.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Select your device in Finder and click Trust, or if you're using iTunes,
 click Continue.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
On your iPad confirm that you allow your computer or other device to access
 your data by tapping trust.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
In zoom, click on share screen, then iPhone / iPad via air play.
 This seems to work much better than via cable, but you might try cable
 as well in a trial zoom session with a friend.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Pull down from the upper right corner of the iPad screen, or for OS11 or
 earlier, from the bottom of the screen.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Choose screen mirroring and select you computer
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Press the home button on the iPad.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Choose your drawing / note-taking software, e.g., GoodNotes.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
